DOCS-3456 Adds Synthetics Dashboards Documentation (#14374)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/dashboards/api_test.md

---
title: Synthetics API Test Performance Dashboard
kind: documentation
further_reading:
- link: '/synthetics/ci_results_explorer'
  tag: 'Documentation'
  text: 'Learn about the CI Results Explorer'
---

## Overview

> The [API test performance dashboard][1] provides insights about your entire stack and events. It is separated in two sections:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [API test performance dashboard][1] provides insights about your entire stack and events. It is separated in three sections:
```

> The [API test performance dashboard][1] provides insights about your entire stack and events. It is separated in nine sections:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [API test performance dashboard][1] provides insights about your entire stack and events. It shows:
```

> - **API test type**: View your network levels' average response time, latency, or lookup time, along with transaction timings and response time by location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **API test type**: View your network levels' average response time, latency, or lookup time, along with transaction timings and response time by location by test type.
```

> - **Events**: Explore outstanding events from your Synthetic test alerts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Events**: View events triggered for all your API tests, and drill into specific tests using the template variables at the top of the dashboard.
```
